I am just about to tell you about the
reason took up to Russia and I'm in the
yard where I grew up my childhood home
and my school is five minute walk in
here and my whole life starting from
1997 till 2012 was here
[Music]
so this is my bed it's a large one TV
Internet Russian books classics this is
where I did my makeup my big mirror this
is what I was working on linguae trip
this is where I was working on our first
web site some my desk all of the ideas
come from here in Russia you don't do
like one bedroom so one bedroom
apartment is what you see now one
bedroom
that's it no living room we have a
separate kitchen but if you say like two
bedroom apartment that means that you
only have two rooms there is no living
room see ya there is this small kitchen
washing machine very like I don't know
very standard Russian you will see many
apartments like this but what I really
like about my apartment is the location
there is the swimming pool just across
the street this is where I went when I
was 7 years old this is where I did my
ballet as well because they have ballet
classes and like real Russian ballet and
swimming pool and the metro station is
10 minute walk and it's very close to
center so if you take an uber is like 15
minute drive this apartment is pretty
close to the city center so where is she
right now on page 4 our ski island where
st. Petersburg started this is the exact
place where Tsar Peter the Great came
and he said Wow I love this place the
capital of Russia is gonna be here and
since Petersburg is to be capital of
Russia for some time and he built the
city from scratch he asked people to
bring stones here because it was all
water but he had this DiSpirito graske
island where the city started and the
city center is like 15 minute drive on
over and if you decide to stay in my
apartment and your school would be like
located in the center and override would
be like 2:15 maybe three dollars and
it's gonna take you 15 minutes you can
also take underground metro just 10
minutes walk from here to stations to
the center but yeah I prefer taking over
because is so cheap but also experienced
team just work metro is very beautiful
has really beautiful stations this is
the bathroom I don't know whether I
should show the toilet in this video but
this is so traditional this is what we
made in 1997 picture on the wall there
rushon like all of the ornaments
oriental Russian style this is how it
looks like I hope you guys are going to
come and visit my place pretty soon let
me know if you're coming turn in
comments below this is one of the first
books about the United States have got
you see in Russia is typical for you to
put your book in this what plastic thing
so it looks like new if you decide to
sell it or it just lasts longer oh my
god this is me writing back at school
and yeah we were learning a lot about
the United States at school this is a
spot in my English class Oh Ellis Island
I just I just saw it in New York about
two weeks ago I couldn't even dream
about it when I was reading this book
yeah Ellis Island Immigration Island
[Music]
hello Raven
hello doggie if you look at that
building this is exactly where I got my
degree masters and bachelors in
economics in Russia here st. Petersburg
State University I actually have three
buildings all of them are on this part
like what kind of company I have today
during my lunch he just lives in the
restroom reason it should come to Russia
is because the foot here is so amazing
and compared to American prices is also
cheap this is one of my favorite salads
it's called herring under coat under fur
coat so it has herring red beef egg
carrot yeah this is dish number one I
will show you the total cost at the end
of this meal so Dima is having sushi he
just ate the first one was it good it
was amazing what is it crab no it's a
shrimp okay so the thing about Russian
restaurants we love sushi so much that
every restaurant will have sushi in the
menu that's the best yeah yeah look for
restaurants which are this brand they're
always really good dish number two has
arrived this is chicken soup and Russia
is actually a soup nation when I was a
child my mom would always give me soup
at least once a day normally during
lunch and actually lunch in Russia is
one of the largest meals because we have
soup then we have a hot dish and then we
have dessert so yeah this is a very
popular soup it's just chicken
and noodles and carrot and it's really
good so here in Russia tried to try to
try as many soups as you can the reason
why you have to eat soup they help you
with digestion and also if you come to
Russia starting November till like April
when it's cold it really helps you heat
up and warm up from the inside
chicken chicken chicken chicken mmm
chicken no seriously oh okay wait hey
wick
good girl good girl yummy so the drain
has arrived it's also a traditional
Russian drink it's raspberry Morris so
Morris I don't know whether you can
translate it better but I don't because
otherwise you won't get what you need so
you take Jam and you just mix it with
water and you get Morris also one of my
favorites I really like cranberry it's
also good for your body
this one is really deep
[Music]
okay another ditch has arrived
this is mackerel with potatoes and
Russia is a potato nation 100% when I
first came to the UK and stayed with
local people I was surprised that who
have never had potatoes
during my two-week stay I was like do
you even eat potatoes because in Russia
I would have potatoes for lunch dinner
and maybe breakfast as well good thank
you
good luckily we have somebody else to
test whether the fish is good or not is
there more into enthusiasm compared to
chicken yeah you all right oh my god you
smell so good
no even cat doesn't want it okay she's
gonna bite me sometimes restaurants give
you compliments this is a free chewing
gum and let's look at the bill so what
we have here so it's 3,000 rubles which
is around $50 for two this is a high
quality restaurant I would say this is
like top chain of restaurants in Russia
another thing you should know about
tipping in Russia we don't have this
thing as in the United States where you
can just write down how much tip you're
gonna leave and then they're gonna
charge it from your card so you need to
ask the waiter to include 10% in your
total cost and then she would charge it
everything from your card and this is
the only way to live to leave tips if
you are paying by credit card so Russian
this is so Russian
I don't know if I can take it but I'll
take it you're on girl it was a little
old Vegas is like stone this is
traditional Russian desert and I got it
free mmm so good
it's like um because technically if you
translate it from Russia from Russia
into English it's gonna be gingerbread
but this doesn't have to ensure this is
so good we came to see one of my
favorite houses in st. Petersburg this
is a new one but it's built in the old
st. Petersburg style and this is on
Christoph's Key Island and this street
is called deputy Street because you know
why because they're those houses are
houses of Russian Ministers all not
ministers deputies who serve the state
who serve the city and look how cool
they are they're so so beautiful again
this is a really high-end building and
this is a high-end area I think
apartment prices start with $500,000 in
this building Vil away again
have you guys heard of the company
called Castro it's a monopoly here in
Russia to reduce gas and they are
building one of the tallest buildings in
saint-petersburg right now it reminds me
of Salesforce towers in San Francisco
looks really similar there was a lot of
debate because it dominates in
Petersburg skyline but I think it brings
a more than fresh look to the city again
this island is called Christophe ski
island and if you want to get the
atmosphere of Russian high-end life of
great parks and beautiful buildings you
go
christos ski island metro station and
just walk around oh really really likes
place
[Music]
[Applause]
we came to one of the coolest shopping
streets in Russia which is cold but shy
venusian a street I don't think you'll
remember it this is the street that has
all of the shops that you need like Blue
Beetle do you need it with cherries and
we're going to one of the largest shops
in Russia which is called CLT it's kind
of experience to go there you can see
you wealthy Russians walking around with
their families and shopping and you
might see them wearing a lot of fur 7 a
good summer I'll show you
okay makeup shopping done
[Music]